Implement new concept with exercise: randomness (#2139)
exercism/go: concepts/randomness/introduction.md

> # Randomness Introduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Introduction
```

Package [`math\rand`][mathrand] provides support for generating pseudo-random numbers.

Here is how to generate a random integer between `0` and `99`:

```go
n := rand.Intn(100) // n is a random int, 0 <= n < 100
```

Function `rand.Float64` returns a random floating point number between `0.0` and `1.0`:

```go
f := rand.Float64() // f is a random float64, 0.0 <= f < 1.0
```

There is also support for shuffling a slice (or other data structures):

```go
x := []string{"a", "b", "c", "d", "e"}
// shuffling the slice put its elements into a random order
rand.Shuffle(len(x), func(i, j int) {
	x[i], x[j] = x[j], x[i]
})
```

## Seeds

The number sequences generated by package `math\rand` are not truly random.  
They are completely determined by an initial `seed` value.
By default, the package uses the integer `1` as a seed.

In order to get a different sequence of random numbers, we need to specify a different seed value.
A simple approach is to use the "current time":

```go
rand.Seed(time.Now().UnixNano())
```

Seeding must be done **before** your program calls any of the functions that generate random numbers.

> ### Warning
> 
> If you don't call `rand.Seed`, then the package will produce the same sequence of random numbers each time your program runs!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~~exercism/caution

If you don't call `rand.Seed`, then the package will produce the same sequence of random numbers each time your program runs!
~~~~
```
